Reasons Not to Necessarily Shit on a "Luxury" Activity
=========================================================

You Are Already Playing
-----------------------
It's easy to sneer at someone reaching what we judge as "beyond their means" or "emulating their betters" when they choose how to vacation or spend their leisure time. It's often obvious that the "luxury" activity they've chosen is, in fact, directly marketed at their income bracket. What makes these purchases particularly egregious to the discerning consumer is that these plebes appear to be unable to distinguish the proper trappings of a "real" luxury event - more subtle marketing, softer music, whatever it is they're missing. But this belies the idea that "status" and "luxury" are games that we are not participating in - our mere distaste for these fraudulent status symbols is itself part of the status game. Even when we try "not play the game at all," "opt-out," even "drop out of the rat race," we are playing the game with a different set of moves, a different intended audience. We cannot opt out of social dominance and inclusion games - we can only choose which social groups we want to target. And there's a good chance that many even in those opt-out anti-status groups will see various elements of our persona and game as fraudulent in their own right.

They Know You're Watching
---------------------------
Another common objection has to do with falling prey to marketing and advertising - becoming brainwashed into thinking you genuinely like the activity and valuing it above its true value to you. The first, perhaps obvious, objection to this is that if you are trained to think that something makes you happy, and it actually does, then should you really stop doing it? With some exceptions, of course. The second, more insidious point here is that the marketing-averse consumer is yet another highly valuable, targeted demographic for advertisers and marketers. They know your game, they know how you think, and studies show you ARE affected by the ads intended for you even though the affected unilaterally consider themselves to have been unaffected. Check out Persuasion by Robert Levine for more on this one. So while I applaud the effort to avoid advertising as much as possible, something will always get through and the only thing distinguishing you from them would be an enhanced privilege to the extent you're more able to avoid advertisements.

And Why Not?
----------------
Bringing me to my third point: You might actually enjoy yourself! Just because something is advertised to a particular demographic (and maybe even has some faux-status-symbol trappings) doesn't mean it isn't actually fun or interesting. Clearly the only thing you can do once you're aware of marketers, advertisements, status, social dominance, etc. is try to weigh the activity on its merits - both how much fun you think you'd find it and always, implicitly, what you think your peer group would think (or even something simpler - who you can get to go with you). But relax! And try new things sometimes, even if they're not "meant" for you.
